Update G07 test case steps (#1076)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/tests/walkthroughs/g07-verify-changes-for-customising-solution-explorer-user-roles.md

## Steps

> 1. Login to the Solution Explorer as a developer and then as an admin user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Login to the Solution Explorer as a developer and in a different browser/ incognito window as an admin user
```
